1. button's design changed
	when I click client's info, after refreshing in https://scalyo.app/app/dashboard,
	the button looks weird
	
2. automatic logout
	after for a while it logout automatically, not good.

3. team member's subscription management
	if one member is terminated to use the app then the manager has to know who
	who will be terminated or who to choose to terminate shall be managed and visible

4. ARR in dashboard shall be compressed
	when the number is too much then hard to see
	$1.64K / $633.7M / $55.73B
	
5. currency unit changing
	right now, it is only euro but it is not good.
	
6. member's authority what they are allowed to do
	1) nominating CSM (manager only)
	2) information changing (CSM or manager only)
	3) manager's granting the authorities to members
		(1) manager may see what functions the each members can access
		(2) if a member is not allowed to do something, then the related UI components shall be invisible
		(3) changing the title is now inavailable
	4) creating clients
		(1) fulfilling the information of the client can be done by anyone
		(2) manager has to confirm the registration.
		(3) 
	5) health management
		(1) members can see only their own health information
		(2) manager can see members' health information
	6) team information
		(1) hiarchy system shall be shown
		(2) 

7. data accordance
	1) MRR x 12 = ARR
		(1) if MRR is average, MRR shall be constant
		(2) if ARR is the calculation, ARR shall be constant
		(3) if MRR shall be input every month, then MRR is monthly average, ARR is annual summary. (Thus : both are const)

8. client information
	1) communication history
	2) charts
		(1) its growth
		(2) goal achievement
		(3) churn progress
	3) client's communicator's information
		(1) basic profil
		(2) what to be careful, personality, preference (if it is legal to manage)
	4) CSM history
		(1) who was/were, who is/are now, who did what, who will do what?

9. member information
	1) general performance
	2) quitter's information
		(1) what they did
		(2) was responsible in what
	3) health tracking
		burn out / brown out/ black out / bore out / rust out / freeze out / sell out / zone out / etc.
		burden's check
		task difficulty check
		communication difficulty check
	4) task
		(1) task management
		(2) achievement / difficulty
	5) charge in which clients
	6) cons & pros review (if it is legal to write)
	
10. organization information
	1) what company we are
	2) our performance

11. Manager Functions
	1) giving goals to CSMs
	2) giving goals to clients
	3) CRUD CSMs
	4) CRUD clients (confirmation)
	5) right now all the info is not shown